Across the sea and to the Middle East.
In the cradle of civilization.
There once was a man who went on a great journey.
Enduring even the greatest of obsticles...

His name was Gilgamesh.
He was a man...
A great man...
And he did a great many things like building walls and digging wells.

But his subjects hated him.
He would take the men off to war, and to the women...
All because he's 2/3 god!
And his legacy is encoded in copper plates in some temple!?
Oh go- Gods!
Fix this!
"Why?"
This dude is running a muck down here! Literally no one can stand up to him!
"Ok, ok, fine, we'll figure something out..."

"They have a point, watching Gilgamesh do literally whatever he wants is kinda'... boaring."
"Agreed."
"Yo, I have the greatest idea"
"Let's hear it."
"Just getting rid of this massive a****** would just be even more boaring"
"Agreed."
"SO, let's spice things up a bit by creating someone that is the EXACT OPPOSATE"
"HA! That'll be fun to watch!"
"Let's go bug Aruru to do it, she's got experience with this kind of stuff..."

...

And thus, you were created.
True to their words, you were the opposate of the regal Gilgamesh.
Hairy, primitive, and a friend of animals.
Where Gilgamesh is agriculture, you are foraging.
Refined, disorderly.
Promiscuous, chaste.
Clean, hairy.
Civilized, primitive.

But despite all your differences, you both posess equal strength.
The gods wanted to make things interesting, after all.

Aruru dropped you into the wilderness, where you flourished.
You ate and drank with and what the animals did.

Things were great, aside from the dangerous traps that the
nice man in animal skins dropped.

You always picked them up for him - they were a hazard to
the animals.

Despite your good deeds, or perhaps because of them, he was remarkibly shy.
However one day that changed.
The man in animal skins brought with him a woman.
They both approached, and when they got within a certain distance, the man
screamed at the woman in a manner more viceral than the hungriest tiger.

You were still wondering at the man's outburst as the woman let down her coverings.
You approached, and had intercourse. For seven days. [end of that]

You feld weird.
You were... Different.
Your strength was gone - you couldn't leap through the forest with the animals.
They wouldn't want to anyways it seemed, as they scattered as you appreached.
You felt like you should be mad, but instead you felt wonder.
You had a new understanding of the world that you hadn't had before.

The woman spoke to you, flattering you and inviting you to Uruk-Haven,
a city ruled by a man named Gilgamesh, the strongest man of all...
You were instantly intrigued, and declared your new purpose to be to
go and defeat Gilgamesh. What does a lazy city man know about strength, anyways?

She tried to talk you down, explaining that Gilgamesh was so much greater than you.
You were unmoved, so she explained the dreams that Gilgamesh had had of you.
You were to compete with Gilgamesh, but ultimately become his friend and save him
from a terrible fate.

You considered the idea, but you didn't quite have the concept of "fate" down in the
conventional sense, so you shrugged the idea off.

You both had sex again.







